---
effectiveDate: 2023-01-01
createdDate: 2022-12-31
---

Birb Social ("us", "we", or "our") operates the Birb - Simple Social application (the "Application").

This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data when you use our Application and the choices you have associated with that data.

We use your data to provide and improve the Application. By using the Application, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. Unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy, terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions.

## Information Collection And Use

We collect several types of information for various purposes to provide and improve our Application to you.

## Types of Data Collected

### Personal Data

While using our Application, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you ("Personal Data"). Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

- Email address
- First name and last name
- Phone number
- Address, State, Province, ZIP/Postal code, City
- Cookies and Usage Data

### Usage Data

We may also collect information how the Application is accessed and used ("Usage Data"). This Usage Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Application that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

### Tracking & Cookies Data

We use cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on our Application and hold certain information.

Cookies are files with small amount of data which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a website and stored on your device. Tracking technologies also used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze our Application.

You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Application.

Examples of Cookies we use:

- Session Cookies. We use Session Cookies to operate our Application.
- Preference Cookies. We use Preference Cookies to remember your preferences and various settings.
- Security Cookies. We use Security Cookies for security purposes.

## Use of Data

Birb Social uses the collected data for various purposes:

- To provide and maintain the Application
- To notify you about changes to our Application
- To allow you to participate in interactive features of our Application when you choose to do so
- To provide customer care and support
- To provide analysis or valuable information so that we can improve the Application
- To monitor the usage of the Application
- To detect, prevent and address technical issues

## Transfer Of Data

Your information, including Personal Data, may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from your jurisdiction.

If you are located outside the United States of America and choose to provide information to us, please note that we transfer the data, including Personal Data, to the United States of America and process it there.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by your submission of such information represents your agreement to that transfer.

Birb Social will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

## Disclosure Of Data

### Legal Requirements

Birb Social may disclose your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

- To comply with a legal obligation
- To protect and defend the rights or property of Birb Social
- To prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Application
- To protect the personal safety of users of the Application or the public
- To protect against legal liability

### Security Of Data

The security of your data is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

### Service Providers

We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Application ("Service Providers"), to provide the Application on our behalf, to perform Application-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Application is used.

These third parties have access to your Personal Data only to perform these tasks on our behalf and are obligated not to disclose or use it for any other purpose.

## Links To Other Sites

Our Application may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

## Children's Privacy

Our Application does not address anyone under the age of 13 ("Children").

We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Data, please contact us. If we become aware that we have collected Personal Data from children without verification of parental consent, we take steps to remove that information from our servers.

## Changes To This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We encourage you to review this Privacy Policy whenever you access the Application or prior to providing any Personal Data.

## Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us:

By email: [privacy@birb.social](mailto:privacy@birb.social)

By visiting this page on our Application: [https://birb.social/privacy](https://birb.social/privacy)
